0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is an obscure term ostensibly referring to a lung disease caused by silica dust,
    sometimes cited as one of the longest words in the English language.
    
1.  getrusage() returns resource usage measures for 'who', which can be one of the following:
        RUSAGE_SELF: Return resource usage statistics for the calling process.
        RUSAGE_CHILDREN: Return resource usage statistics for all children of the calling process that have terminated and been
        waited for.
        RUSAGE_THREAD: Return resource usage statistics for the calling thread.

2.  A total of sixteen members

3.  Passing a struct as it is 'before' or 'after' to 'calculate' in form of value might be slow and might cost a lot of memory. If
    instead we pass them by reference, we will not have to keep placing copies of them on the stack over and over again.

4.  We will be getting each character from fp until we find the end of the file (EOF). For each loop cycle fp cursor will advance
    one character and store it in 'c'. If 'c' equals 'EOF' it will mean that we have reached the end of the file and the for loop
    will die.
    Once we have a character on our variable 'c':
        If it is an alphabetical or an apostrophe character, we will keep it and append it to the word that is being created (if the
        word that we are creating is too long, it will be ignored).
        If it is numerical, the word will be ignored and the cursor will skip to where the next word begins.
        If it is an end word character character it means that the previous word has ended. We just found a new word.
        
5.  If we use fscanf with a format string like "%s" we will not be able to know where words end, break line characters would become
    blank. If we do not know where words end we will be counting the entire file as a word and our program would break. If we want
    to use fscanf with string formaters, we will have to change the style of our key.txt (adding spaces between words instead of
    break line characters, for example).
    
6.  We do not have to edit anything on 'check' and 'load' functions, declaring their parameters as constant is a very good practice
    to prevent us to accidentally edit anything.
